
Design for project:
Entities
fairly straightforward, classes with properties and objects as instructed (also add ToString methods in order to print out)

UseEntities
create objects of person and product
create an array of persons (which sounds much better than people)
to fill array: for loop which takes input from the input.txt file
to print array: for loop, print each index in the array

Two types of people: customers and employees (two types of employees: manager and Sales Rep)
Customers have credit cards

DAL Layer:
ProductDAL, customerDAL class with methods for initializing list and CRUD methods

BLL layer:
Calls DAL layer

UIL
PRODUCT some ideas for product GUI section:
	float and dock everything to take up full space called home page.
	then when you hit one, all of them move to top as a menu, with option to go back to home page (we didn't end up doing this, but it can remain in the idea box)
	view product: enter product number and then pull up info with options to delete or modify
	modify allows you to enter a product number and then modify everything else, but initial text is what it is, and then they can change it
CUSTOMER idea board:
	fairly similar to the product one, but needs more complex details groupbox to allow for credit card info. but find should just show last four digits of credit card
	modify should have add.modify/delete credit card option as a sub option, and should be password protected or something




Shira 
	credit card: have a text box dash text box dash ect. append the input together to make string of number together to check credit card number
	only show last 4 digit to user unless input password
	eee
	make the enter the list buttons and add product ect...

	Order:
		Customer id	product	quantity	cost
		make sure both product and customer exist- and  there's enough in stock
		after ordered	subtract from product's stock
		Store the order's details-create a unique id number. Do this with static num of all products. or with dateTIme
		
			this way the customer can delete or modify an order
		Let customer change their order.
		perhaps on customer and/or products you can click order


		E.C. charges in credit card



		ReadAll orders	?let them modify there?
		In BLL you do logic, not the DAL
		so deduct from stock in BLL


		Show product list on side? With pictures! in a scroll list!
		
		?Message box that says You sure you want to place order? with buttons "edit order" and "Buy".?
		Write all orders and customers and product last details into a file-so it always saves.

		create
		read one order-get order number-shira
		readall
		all order history
		read all customer history-basically the same as 
		read all product order history-shira

